Add tctl users reset to cli docs (#5434)
gravitational/teleport: docs/5.0/cli-docs.md

# Removes users sally and tim
```

## tctl users reset

> Reset local user account password and two factor with expiring link to populate vaues. **Usage**: `tctl users reset <account>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reset local user account password and any associated second factor with expiring link to populate values. **Usage**: `tctl users reset <account>`
```

### Arguments

* `<account>` - Teleport Local DB User

### Flags

| Name | Default Value(s) | Allowed Value(s) | Description
|------|---------|----------------|----------------------------|
| `--ttl` | 8h | relative duration like 5s, 2m, or 3h | Set expiration time for token, default is 8h0m0s, maximum is 24h0m0s

### Examples

``` bsh
# tctl users reset jeff 

> User stevenexample has been reset. Share this URL with the user to complete password reset, link is valid for 8h0m0s:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User jeff has been reset. Share this URL with the user to complete password reset, link is valid for 8h0m0s:
```

https://teleport.example.com:3080/web/reset/8a4a40bec3a31a28db44fa64c0c70ca3

> # Resets jeff password, two factor token.  Jeff populates the password and confirms token with link. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Resets jeff's password and any associated second factor.  Jeff populates the password and confirms token with link. 
```
